README.md, before:

# Setup Conan Action Github Action

[![Validate Conan Action](https://github.com/conan-io/setup-conan/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/conan-io/setup-conan/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![GitHub Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/badge/Marketplace-Setup%20Conan%20Client-blue.svg?colorA=24292e&colorB=0366d6&style=flat&longCache=true&logo=github)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-conan-client)


A GitHub Action to install and configure the Conan package manager in your workflow.
This action provides a simple and flexible way to set up Conan with custom configurations and audit settings.

## Features

- 🚀 Install any version of Conan 2.x
- ⚙️ Apply custom Conan configurations
- 🔐 Configure audit tokens for dependencies vulnerabilities scanning
- 🗂️ Cache Conan packages using GitHub cache
- 🔍 Support for custom Conan home
- 🐍 Customize Python version setup
- 💪 Cross-platform support

## Usage

### Basic Usage

Install Conan, authenticate to Audit server, install custom configurations:

```yaml
steps:
  - name: Checkout code
    uses: actions/checkout@v4

  - name: Install Conan
    uses: conan-io/setup-conan@v1
    with:
      audit_token: ${{ secrets.CONAN_AUDIT_TOKEN }}
      config_urls: |
        https://github.com/<org>/conan-config.git
        https://myrepo.com/conan-config.git

  - name: Install Conan dependencies
    run: conan install . --build=missing
```

## Options

This Github Action offers options inputs to execute extra steps just after installing Conan.
This is useful for installing custom configurations or applying any other setup you need.
It's possible to customize the action using the following options:

| Option           | Type    | Description                                                                                      |
|------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `version`        | string  | Conan client version 2.x to be installed. By default, it's the latest version available.         |
| `home`           | string  | A custom path to be used as Conan cache directory.                                               |
| `audit_token`    | string  | The Conan audit token to authenticate to the Audit server with Conan.                            |
| `config_urls`    | list    | URLs of the Git repositories containing the custom Conan configurations to be installed.         |
| `cache_packages` | boolean | Cache all stored Conan packages, under Conan cache, using Github cache support. false by default |
| `python_version` | string  | Python version to be used with python-setup. By default is '3.10'                                |


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Use lockfiles in README
Signed-off-by: Uilian Ries <uilianries@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Setup Conan Action Github Action

[![Validate Conan Action](https://github.com/conan-io/setup-conan/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/conan-io/setup-conan/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![GitHub Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/badge/Marketplace-Setup%20Conan%20Client-blue.svg?colorA=24292e&colorB=0366d6&style=flat&longCache=true&logo=github)](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/setup-conan-client)


A GitHub Action to install and configure the Conan package manager in your workflow.
This action provides a simple and flexible way to set up Conan with custom configurations and audit settings.

## Features

- 🚀 Install any version of Conan 2.x
- ⚙️ Apply custom Conan configurations
- 🔐 Configure audit tokens for dependencies vulnerabilities scanning
- 🗂️ Cache Conan packages using GitHub cache
- 🔍 Support for custom Conan home
- 🐍 Customize Python version setup
- 💪 Cross-platform support

## Usage

### Basic Usage

Install Conan, authenticate to Audit server, install custom configurations:

```yaml
steps:
  - name: Checkout code
    uses: actions/checkout@v4

  - name: Install Conan
    uses: conan-io/setup-conan@v1
    with:
      audit_token: ${{ secrets.CONAN_AUDIT_TOKEN }}
      config_urls: |
        https://github.com/<org>/conan-config.git
        https://myrepo.com/conan-config.git

  - name: Install Conan dependencies
    run: conan install . --lockfile=conan.lock --lockfile-partial --lockfile-out=conan.lock --build=missing
```

In order to ensure repeatability, the use of lockfiles on the consumer side is greatly encouraged: please check the [lockfile docs](https://docs.conan.io/2/tutorial/versioning/lockfiles.html#tutorial-versioning-lockfiles) for more information.

## Options

This Github Action offers options inputs to execute extra steps just after installing Conan.
This is useful for installing custom configurations or applying any other setup you need.
It's possible to customize the action using the following options:

| Option           | Type    | Description                                                                                      |
|------------------|---------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `version`        | string  | Conan client version 2.x to be installed. By default, it's the latest version available.         |
| `home`           | string  | A custom path to be used as Conan cache directory.                                               |
| `audit_token`    | string  | The Conan audit token to authenticate to the Audit server with Conan.                            |
| `config_urls`    | list    | URLs of the Git repositories containing the custom Conan configurations to be installed.         |
| `cache_packages` | boolean | Cache all stored Conan packages, under Conan cache, using Github cache support. false by default |
| `python_version` | string  | Python version to be used with python-setup. By default is '3.10'                                |


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
